<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_jgr_nnd_ddc">
    <title>Chapter 3</title>
    <body>
        <section id="section_tht_x5d_ddc">
            <title>The Other Four Tickets</title>
            <p>Charlie was the last child to find a golden ticket. Here's how the four other
                children found their golden tickets:</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_z14_cwl_ddc">
            <title>Augustus Gloop</title>
            <p>The first child to find a golden ticket was Agustus Gloop. </p>
            <p>He is a heavyset child who spends most of his time eating gluttonously. </p>
            <p>He is a kid who loves eating candy. </p>
            <p>Because he eats so much candy, he was able to find the first golden ticket quickly.
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ox2_dwl_ddc">
            <title>Veruca Salt</title>
            <p>The second child to find a golden ticket was Veruca Salt. </p>
            <p>She is an insufferable, spoiled brat. She demands materialistic goods from her father
                including the golden ticket.</p>
            <p>She is a kid who loves toys. She loves toys and gifts from her father. </p>
            <p>He enlists his entire factory to spend their time unwrapping chocolate bars until it
                was found. </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_u1k_2wl_ddc">
            <title>Violet Beauregarde</title>
            <p>The third child to find a golden ticket was Violet Beauregarde. </p>
            <p>She is a child full of pride and consumed with winning by setting a world record in
                chewing gum. </p>
            <p>She is a kid who competes a lot trying to set a world record in chewing gum.</p>
            <p>She takes a short break to find the ticket, then immediately returns to her world
                record attempt. </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_oxf_fwl_ddc">
            <title>Mike Teavee</title>
            <p>The fourth child to find a golden ticket is Mike Teavee. </p>
            <p>He is a child who is lazy and only cares about watching television. </p>
            <p>He is a kid who watches a lot of television.</p>
            <p>He finds the ticket but doesn’t even care to respond to reporters because he would
                rather watch his shows. </p>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
