<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_apd_tnd_ddc">
    <title>Chapter 2</title>
    <body>
        <section id="section_s1m_s5d_ddc">
            <title>Five Golden Tickets</title>
             <p>After not being heard from for decades, Willy Wonka announces in the
                newspaper that he will allow five children to tour his chocolate factory. To
                win this exclusive chance, each child must find a golden ticket inside of a
                Wonka chocolate bar. </p>
            <p>Grandpa Joe encourages Charlie, but Charlie knows his family can only afford a Wonka
                chocolate bar once a year for his birthday. His chances of finding a golden ticket
                seem hopeless. </p>
            <p>His family gifts him the Wonka bar on his birthday. Unfortunately, there was no
                golden ticket to be found in his bar. Grandpa Joe, knowing Charlie is disappointed,
                sneaks him money to buy another bar. However, he still does not find a golden
                ticket. </p>
            <p>At this time, four of the five golden tickets have been found. </p>
            <p>Time passes and the Bucket family continues to be financially burdened, and Charlie’s
                dream of visiting Wonka’s chocolate factory is almost gone. </p>
            <p>One day as Charlie is walking home, he finds a dollar bill. He takes a chance to buy
                one more Wonka bar and he finds the golden ticket! </p>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
